# Quotes

> Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness - Martin Luther King

---

> “Love is the only thing that doubles every time it’s given” - Albert Schweitzer

---

> “Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.” ― Margaret Mead

---

> “You never change things by fighting the existing reality. To change something, build a new model that makes the existing model obsolete.” ― R. Buckminster Fuller

---

> Altruism is like rings in the water when you toss a pebble. At first the circles are very small, then they get larger, and finally they embrace the entire surface of the ocean. — Alexandre Jollien

---

> “The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.” ― Mahatma Gandhi

---

> “The best way to not feel hopeless is to get up and do something. Don’t wait for good things to happen to you. If you go out and make some good things happen, you will fill the world with hope, you will fill yourself with hope.” ― Barack Obama

---

> “Everybody can be great...because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love.” ― Martin Luther King Jr.

---

> “The first question which the priest and the Levite asked was: 'If I stop to help this man, what will happen to me?' But...the good Samaritan reversed the question: 'If I do not stop to help this man, what will happen to him?” ― Martin Luther King Jr.

---

> “I don't know what your destiny will be, but one thing I know: the only ones among you who will be really happy are those who have sought and found how to serve.”― Albert Schweitzer

---

> “Beauty is not who you are on the outside, it is the wisdom and time you gave away to save another struggling soul like you.” ― Shannon L. Alder

---

> “If everyone demanded peace instead of another television set, then there'd be peace.” ― John Lennon

---

> “It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.” ― Leonardo da Vinci

---

> “As my sufferings mounted I soon realized that there were two ways in which I could respond to my situation -- either to react with bitterness or seek to transform the suffering into a creative force. I decided to follow the latter course.” ― Martin Luther King Jr.

---

> “If I were to remain silent, I'd be guilty of complicity.” ― Albert Einstein

---

> “Do your little bit of good where you are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world.” ― Desmond Tutu

---

> “Three things in human life are important: the first is to be kind; the second is to be kind; and the third is to be kind.” ― Henry James

---

> “No one has ever become poor by giving.” ― Anne Frank

---
